all right what's going on dudes and
welcome to the world of Maya nights so
no this is not season two not quite yet
that'll be out later on in January but
as sort of a Christmas / New Year's gift
to you all we wanted to give you the
seed to the Maya night world so if you
check in the description you'll find the
seed you're gonna in put it into the
more details under a Minecraft save and
you can create a world just like this
this is actually new for me because I
obviously joined Maya night a bit after
season one had already been underway so
I hadn't actually seen the terrain
before anything had been developed on it
so I thought we'd take a quick look
through it relive some of the memories
and just check it out before anything
had been built so once again this is
this is just the seed like it you put it
in the the more info are the more
details I don't know more settings when
you're making a new world and then it
gives you the option to put in a seed
and you can just copy paste the the
value that's in the description and it
should generate this world for you and
then you can do whatever you want with
it so this was where Tucker's house was
her Tucker's original house was that was
up on this hill and then the the version
2.0 fortress was sort of built into the
hill and the the entrance was was over
here and then we obviously had that the
main spawn area over in this area the
the Maya Knight temple was over yeah
just just kind of chillin in the water
you know and then Toms house I kind of
wish I had one point eight right now
because I'd be able to speed fly over
but Tom's version one point out house
comment fifty million houses in Maya
night so I mean is his first one was
over there in the mountain I'm pointing
at and then Sonya's house was over on
that hill yonder but Dex house the
priests house was in here Sonya's house
is built into the hill that I'm pointing
at right now and then obviously how
could you forget where my house is
located it was over on this Knoll that
I'm that I'm pointing to and then
Jerry's tree 2.0 was just built off the
side and there's the Sand Island
obviously where Tom's house version 2.0
was built before we moved it under
water 23.0 and then he built the one
secret base 4.0 and the desert that 5.0
was built in there and then 6.0 was
built over on the land over here way too
many house variations to keep track of
but whatever this was opteka in 1.0 was
was in this mountain right here and then
the the massive made shots castle was
just built up right over here we're this
uh flat bit of cobblestone is and
obviously the desert out in the distance
giant at nights out in the deserts and
lots of secret bases of table and optic
as well and yeah man that's uh that's
basically the the maya night seed for
yet but still this is new to me I didn't
realize that Sonya's house was kind of
like just doing this floating cliff side
over here interesting to see and then
obviously the the arena was uh was right
back into here it was just sort of the
ground was recessed and the arena was in
here and then the path led back into the
priests house and then there was the the
chamber decks bedchamber overlooking it
right there and well you probably got a
pretty good idea the layout if of course
you you'll watch my night and then we
can't forget the North Star that I think
kind of ended up going bye-bye but yeah
just this random floating block that's
here for who knows why but this this
naturally spawns kind of interesting so
um yeah anyway Maya night season two
should be starting in in in mid-january
that's the plan we don't have any
specific date quite yet but it should be
happening at some point around then and
should be kind of exciting hopefully I
see that to look forward to well I'm
sure we'll do more of a formal
announcement once we know what the first
stream date will be for that and
hopefully we'll get a big grand grand
opening for season two as far as the the
stream goes should be fun so stay on the
lookout for that and hopefully lots of
people will will make it out for that
and obviously the the following mostly
daily streams once Maya night season two
is back should be on that more regular
streaming schedule again
so that should be uh good stuff as well
and other than that I guess uh yeah
happy New Year to everyone uh this is
New Year's Eve when this is going up and
well happy 2015
I guess the next video you see from me
is gonna be next year do it sound so far
away even though it's actually only
tomorrow um I remember the first time my
mom said see you next year when it was
like New Year's I was like what do you
mean where are you going and then I
realized oh wait you're funny and then
yep anyway okay well yeah that's my
night seat again check the description
you'll find the a string of characters
to put in when you're making your world
and that'll do it for you basically so
anyway on that note thank you very much
for watching hopefully you've enjoyed
see if yeah I don't know if any of you
put together cool creations
feel free to link them on Twitter and
stuff and I guess that'll do it so
thanks for watching and Happy New Year
see you next time
[Music]